Thank you for taking it out on me
Also helped me get the list
But the background of the Shenghe Group is terrifying
Wang Tian is the kind of character whose teeth will burst
It will definitely trouble you
If you really want to thank
Just help me have a few more dolls in the future.
Think beautifully
You're going to murder your husband, this card has no password
There's 80,000 in it
Hope it helps you.
Take him to Hengdian
There's a better chance of getting off
No, my wife just sent me away like this
Xiaoyanyan, you are still so shiny
Hey.
It's me in my mouth
Without my permission in the future
Don't enter my room without permission
Didn't they want to surprise you?
Then I'll give you a chance to redeem your sins.
First, find out the current situation of Xiao Yunyan
Second, give me the Wang family and go from Longhai Castle.
third
To the other side of the ocean
Get a few tens of billions of orders for Xiao Yunyan
What commander
Do you want to establish your own company?
go out of business
How come?
Shenghe Group has just been acquired by Tianfudian
Tell the truth
Royal Wind Dance
It is the person behind the control of the Holy River Group
The big boss behind the scenes
Officially raise you
What is the market capitalization?
Five billion is five billion.
Without a hundred billion city branches, they will also rush into the Heavenly Soul Hall
Do you know shame?
Isn't that boring?
Just buy some small shrimp noodles for fun.
So be it.
The Wang family let Xiao Yunyan decide
Shenghe Group
Give it to Xiao Yunyan as a meeting gift